How dare you appear as a dew master
He's really crazy.
But where is Master Dew?
The son can't find him
The son is finished
Oh my god, don't worry, brother
Recently, a boss has returned to China, maybe Master Dew has gone to see him
Mr. Qin, Miss Bai is here
Long time no see, Tie Jie
Sister, we know each other
This is my unilateral admiration for my senior
Senior sister and Chen Tianyi were born into the pile
How do you know how much I miss you?
But now you can finally see me that way
Don't say that.
I remember now.
You are my R & D champion after graduation
He has strength and is also the prince of the Kirin Group
It's an exaggeration that you admire me
Then let time conquer
I came to you today.
I want to invest in you
Whoops, another competitor!
I also want to invest in Miss Bai
How much does Mr. Qi plan to be worth?
This is the only amount in the world.
There is no upper limit on the amount.
I invest in you
The amount is not limited.
R & D cycle is not required
Profit is yours
Loss belongs to me